Existing Problems:
1. Lack of transparency: As per report by IBM Food Trust platform 21% of tested
seafood was mislabeled and 70% of the US citizens were having trust issues about the
covid vaccine. The process of supply which includes manufacturer, supplier and other
entities is not fully known to the consumer and the impact of fraudulent medicines is huge
in the pharmaceutical field. So from food industry, pharmaceutical to logistics, the process
is not transparent.
2. Difficulty in tracking the health of a product: It is unclear which entities are involved in
the supply chain process, thus making it difficult to trace the origin of counterfeit products.
3. Altering documents and false price: Since the current supply chain process is paper
based, their is a high chance of leaking confidential documents to unknown or losing the
documents and also altercation of documents. Service provider won’t be able to know the
final price of the product decided between group purchasing organization (mediator) and
manufacturer.

Outcomes:
1. Blockchain is a decentralised application, which means every person or entity involved
in the supply chain process will have the copy or data about how the product was
transferred from manufacturer to Service provider or consumer.
2. Entities won’t be able to alter the price or mislabel a product because once the data is
saved a unique block will be generated by the name of the person who decided the price
of the product, so it is immutable .
3. The origin of fraudulent product will be easy to trace with name of the entity involved
4. Any modification of data triggers a new transaction in the Ethereum blockchain thus all
history of any sort of modification would be recorded.
5. The condition of the product such as its temperature, humidity will be tracked using IOT
devices.
6. Confidentiality is maintained as the identities of stakeholders would be known through
their Ethereum address and by storing data in encrypted format in distributed storage
which gives confidence to stakeholders to exchange information in the supply chain thus
enhancing transparency.
7. Ethereum blockchain digitally encrypts all transactions by cryptographic hashing and
using cryptography a chain of blocks is formed thus tampering with any block would
require a private key or if the block did get tampered it would break the chain and would
lead to mining of that block again to validate the transaction.

Tech stack used (Serverless architecture):
1. Frontend: React js, Redux - Having expertise in this technology, React js is the most
used and demanded library in the world. React JS was designed to provide high
performance in mind. The core of the framework offers a virtual DOM program and
server-side rendering, which makes complex apps run extremely fast. One
of the main benefits of using React JS is its potential to reuse components. It
saves time for developers as they don’t have to write various codes for the same
features.
2. Ethereum Blockchain - Central to Ethereum is its blockchain network. A blockchain is
a decentralized, distributed public ledger where transactions are verified and
recorded. It’s distributed in the sense that everyone participating in the Ethereum
network holds an identical copy of this ledger, letting them see all past
transactions. A new contract is created for ordering a product, negotiating a price
and distributing the product, etc.
3. Moralis Javascript SDK and Firebase Database: Moralis provides developers with a
Web3 API that makes it easy to interact with the blockchain. With this API,
developers can easily retrieve data from the blockchain, interact with smart
contracts, and send transactions. Firebase Database is used as a peripheral
database, to save the tracking details along with moralis.
